com/fju/sales/Customer.java
 com.fju.sales.Customer
com/fju/score/Printable.java
 com.fju.score.Printable
com/fju/sales/GolendCustomer.java
 com.fju.sales.GolendCustomer
com/fju/sales/MyInterface.java
 com.fju.sales.MyInterface
com/fju/sales/Test.java
 com.fju.sales.Test
com/fju/ticket2/Ticket.java
 com.fju.ticket2.Ticket
com/fju/ticket/Ticket.java
 com.fju.ticket.Ticket
com/fju/ticket/Tester.java
 com.fju.ticket.Tester
com/fju/ticket/Station.java
 com.fju.ticket.Station
com/fju/sales/MyClass.java
 com.fju.sales.MyClass
com/fju/ticket2/StudentTicket.java
 com.fju.ticket2.StudentTicket
com/fju/ticket/Old.java
 com.fju.ticket.Old
com/fju/ticket2/Station.java
 com.fju.ticket2.Station
com/fju/ticket2/Tester.java
 com.fju.ticket2.Tester
com/fju/ticket/Student.java
 com.fju.ticket.Student
com/fju/ticket/Normalperson.java
 com.fju.ticket.Normalperson
com/fju/ticket/BackandForth.java
 com.fju.ticket.BackandForth
com/fju/score/sortingNG.java
 com.fju.score.sortingNG
com/fju/ticket2/ElderTicket.java
 com.fju.ticket2.ElderTicket
com/fju/sales/SliverCustomer.java
 com.fju.sales.SliverCustomer
com/fju/score/Scoring.java
 com.fju.score.Scoring
com/fju/score/Student.java
 com.fju.score.Student
com/fju/score/GraduateStudent.java
 com.fju.score.GraduateStudent
com/fju/Parking/Runner.java
 com.fju.Parking.Runner
